eliannar, maayan.amid
Elianna Rosenschein (315673665), Maayan Amid (318318862)
EX: 5

FILES:
container.cpp - runs a container
socket.cpp - runs a socket
makefile 
README

REMARKS:


ANSWERS:
1. Describe one general use of Linux pid namespaces.
PID namespaces isolate the process ID number space, meaning that processes in different PID namespaces can have the same PID.
This allows containers to provide functionality such as suspending/resuming the set of processes in the container and migrating the container to a new host while the processes inside the container maintain the same PIDs.

2. How can Linux mount namespaces be used to help isolate a process?
Creating a separate mount namespace allows each isolated processes to have a completely different view of the system’s mountpoint structure. This allows us to have a different root for each isolated process, as well as other mountpoints that are specific to those processes. This improves isolation because the processes are unable to access each other's mountpoint structures.

3. Describe one general use of Linux cgroups.
Cgroups allow processes' usage of resources to be limited and monitored by setting the approriate files to certain values. For example, we can set the maximal number of processses.


4. Explain the use of the clone command, and how it is different from the fork command
 Clone creates a new child process. Various parameters of this system call, specify which parts of the parent process must be copied into the child process and which parts will be shared between them. As a result, this system call can be used to create all kinds of execution entities, starting from threads and finishing by completely independent processes. This is different from fork, which creates a new child process, which is a complete copy of the parent process. 

5. What does the chroot command do?
Chroot changes the root directory in the process in which in is run.
Chroot doesn’t make any disk modifications, but it can make it appear that way from the point of view of the processes running under it.

6. What is the purpose of procfs? Give an example of its use.
The proc filesystem presents information about processes in a hierarchical file structure, which provides a convenient and standardized method of accessing process data held in the kernel. It is mapped to a mount point named /proc at boot time.
Example use: by accessing /proc/PID/environ one can see the values of environment variables used by the chosen PID


